Add these prompts under Methods section with dependant/indepandent thread

1. Summarise study design: Based upon the methods sections of the report please can you provide details of the trial design, including the number of centres it was conducted in and also the countries it was conducted in. Please can you provide this information as a bulleted list

2. Inclusion criteria: Please can you summarise the inclusion criteria for patients in the study. Please can you provide this information as a bulleted list

3. Exclusion criteria: Please can you summarise the exclusion criteria for patients in the study. Please can you provide this information as a bulleted list

4. Ethics criteria: Please can you provide details of ethical approval for this trial, and also funding. Please can you provide this information as a bulleted list

5. Randomi﻿sation: Please can you provide details of how people were randomised in the study, including the tool used for randomisation and any stratification. Please can you provide this information as a bulleted list

6. Study structure: Please can you provide details of how the study was structured, including details of each different study period. Please can you provide this information as a bulleted list

7. Tr﻿eatment: Please can you provide details of how patients received the treatment. Please can you provide this information as a bulleted list

8. Endp﻿oints: Please can you provide details of the outcome XXXXXX. Please can you provide details, including how and when they are evaluated. For when they were evaluated please can you provide exact timepoints (i.e. which days or weeks). Please can you provide this information as a bulleted list.

9. Endp﻿oints: Please can you provide details of the outcome XXXXXX. Please can you provide details for any subgroups evaluated, if any, including how and when they are evaluated. For when they were evaluated please can you provide exact timepoints (i.e. which days or weeks). Please can you provide this information as a bulleted list

10. Trial amendments: Please can you provide this information as a bulleted list
